.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 20/04/2012               \" DATE 
.Dt brainfuck 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Os Darwin
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm brainfuck
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line. 
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Brainfuck interpreter
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl if                \" [-if]
.Op Fl f Ar filename         \" [-f path] 
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
This is a brainfuck interpreter written in C.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
.Sh FLAGS
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Begins a tagged list 
.It -i               \" Each item preceded by .It macro
Interactive mode
.It -f
File mode
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed 
.It Fl i                 \"-a flag as a list item
Enters the brainfuck interactive console. ^C to exit.
.It Fl f
Specify a file containing brainfuck code to execute.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /usr/local/bin/brainfuck
The main brainfuck executable.
.It Pa /usr/local/man/man1/brainfuck.1
This man file.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.\".Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.\".Xr a 1 , 
.\".Xr b 1 ,
.\".Xr c 1 ,
.\".Xr a 2 ,
.\".Xr b 2 ,
.\".Xr a 3 ,
.\".Xr b 3 
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs 
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
