.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 16/09/2013               \" DATE 
.Dt brainfuck 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Os UNIX
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm brainfuck
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line. 
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd brainfuck interpreter
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl evh                \" [-veh]
file ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
A brainfuck interpreter written in C.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
.Sh SYNTAX
The brainfuck syntax is described below:
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It >
Increment the data pointer (to point to the next cell to the right).
.It <
Decrement the data pointer (to point to the next cell to the left).
.It +
Increment (increase by one) the byte at the data pointer.
.It -
Decrement (decrease by one) the byte at the data pointer.
.It .
Output the byte at the data pointer as an ASCII encoded character.
.It ,
Accept one byte of input, storing its value in the byte at the data pointer.
.It [
If the byte at the data pointer is zero, then instead of moving the instruction pointer forward to the next command, jump it forward to the command after the matching ] command*.
.It ]
If the byte at the data pointer is nonzero, then instead of moving the instruction pointer forward to the next command, jump it back to the command after the matching [ command*.
.El
.Sh FLAGS
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Begins a tagged list 
.It Fl e | -eval
Direct input mode
.It Fl v | -version
Show version information
.It Fl h | -help
Show help message
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /usr/local/bin/brainfuck
The main brainfuck executable.
.It Pa /usr/local/man/man1/brainfuck.1
This man file.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.\".Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.\".Xr a 1 , 
.\".Xr b 1 ,
.\".Xr c 1 ,
.\".Xr a 2 ,
.\".Xr b 2 ,
.\".Xr a 3 ,
.\".Xr b 3 
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs 
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
